feat: new api with custom scope and key, filtering, more UI customiza… (#2)
empiricaly/chat: Readme.md

### Multiple chat instances within the same scope

> You can pass an optional `customKey` string prop to differenciate different chats

Author: Oh yeah, lol, oops, `key` is reserved in React. `customKey` sounds good 👍

> within the same scope. This changes which customKey on the given scope the chat will

Author: maybe call it "get/set key" in this context.

Reviewer: something like this "You can get/set key as `customKey` string ...... " ?

Author: ```suggestion
within the same scope. This changes which get/set key on the given scope the chat will
```
